OBSDOCS-556: Updating logging alerts docs (#65341)
openshift/openshift-docs: logging/logging_alerts/default-logging-alerts.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="default-logging-alerts"]
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
= Default logging alerts
:context: default-logging-alerts

toc::[]

> Logging alerts are installed as part of the Cluster Logging Operator installation. These alerts depend on the collection of metrics, which is enabled if you selected the option to *Enable operator recommended cluster monitoring on this namespace* when installing the Cluster Logging Operator. For more information about installing logging Operators, see xref:../../logging/cluster-logging-deploying#cluster-logging-deploy-console_cluster-logging-deploying[Installing the {logging-title} using the web console].

Reviewer: nit: Since we have ES Alerts for correctness I've added storage to the source for metrics.
```suggestion
Logging alerts are installed as part of the Cluster Logging Operator installation. These alerts depend on the metrics exported by the collection/storage backends, which are enabled if you selected the option to *Enable operator recommended cluster monitoring on this namespace* when installing the Cluster Logging Operator. For more information about installing logging Operators, see xref:../../logging/cluster-logging-deploying#cluster-logging-deploy-console_cluster-logging-deploying[Installing the {logging-title} using the web console].
```

> Application, audit, and infrastructure alerts are sent by default to the {product-title} monitoring stack Alertmanager in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace, unless you have disabled the local Alertmanager instance. However, if the Alertmanager that is used to monitor user-defined projects in the `openshift-user-workload-monitoring` namespace is enabled, application logs are sent here by default.

Reviewer: Since here we are talking about alerts that users are not able to customize I feel we don't need to make the distinction between the 3 log types. We should instead just mention that these alerts are sent to `{product-title} monitoring stack Alertmanager` and move some of this info to `Custom logging alerts` where I feel it's more relevant.
```suggestion
These alerts are sent by default to the {product-title} monitoring stack Alertmanager in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace, unless you have disabled the local Alertmanager instance.
```

include::modules/monitoring-accessing-the-alerting-ui.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/logging-vector-collector-alerts.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/logging-fluentd-collector-alerts.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> include::modules/cluster-logging-elasticsearch-rules.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer: Might be interesting linking this part of the doc here [1], but I'll let you decide :) 

[1] https://65341--docspreview.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/monitoring/managing-alerts#modifying-core-platform-alerting-rules_managing-alerts

Author: Done! 🙂  Added an additional resources section
